{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
De Angulo, Jaime & L. S. Freeland. 1931. Karok texts. 
\f1\i \cf2 International Journal of American Linguistics
\f0\i0 \cf2  6(3/4): 194-226.\
Giv\'f3n, Talmy. 2013. Ute Texts. (Culture and Language Use, 7.) Amsterdam: John Benjamins.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Jake, Janice Lynn. 1983. Grammatical relations in Imbabura Quechua. Ann Arbor: UMI. (Doctoral dissertation, University of Urbana-Champaign).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Lin, Yen-Hwei. 1993. Sonority and postlexical syllabicity in Piro. 
\f1\i \cf2 Proceedings from the Annual Meeting of the Chicago Linguistic Society
\f0\i0 \cf2  28: 333-344.\
Marlett, Stephen A. & Velma B. Pickett. 1987. The syllable structure and aspect morphology of Isthmus Zapotec. 
\f1\i \cf2 International Journal of American Linguistics
\f0\i0 \cf2  53(4): 398-422.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Rubach, Jerzy. 1974. Syllabic consonants in Polish. Journal of Phonetics 2: 109-116.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sailaja, P. 1999. Syllable structure of Telugu. In Proceedings of the Fourteenth International Congress of Phonetic Sciences (Vol. 4). 743-746.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sanders, Arden and Sanders, Joy. 1994. Kamasau (Wand Tuan) grammar: morpheme to sentence. (unpublished ms).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sherwood, David Fairchild. 1986. Maliseet-Passamaquoddy verb morphology. (Canadian Ethnology Service: Mercury Series, 105.) Ottawa: National Museums of Canada.\
Sreedhar, M. V. 1980. 
\f1\i \cf2 A Sema grammar
\f0\i0 \cf2 . Mysore: Central Institute of Indian Languages.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Thompson, Laurence C., Thompson, M. Terry & Egesdal, Steven M. 1996. Sketch of Thompson, a Salishan Language. In Goddard, Ives (ed.), Handbook of North American Indians, Vol 17. Languages, 609-643.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Trommer, Jochen. 2013. Stress uniformity in Albanian: morphological arguments for cyclicity. Linguistic Inquiry 44(1): 109-143.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Tucker, Archie N., Bryan, Margaret A. & James Woodburn. 
\fs24 1977. The East African click languages: a phonetic comparison. 
\f1\i Zur Sprachgeschichte und Ethnohistorie in Afrika: Neue Beitr\'e4ge afrikanischer Forschungen. Berlin: Dietrich Reimer
\f0\i0 , 300-323.
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \
Vajda, Edward J. 2004. Ket. (Languages of the World: Materials, 204.) M\'fcnchen: Lincom.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Watson, Richard Leon. 1980. A Grammar of Two Pacoh Texts. Ann Arbor: UMI. (Doctoral dissertation, University of Texas at Arlington).}